Cover:
    https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61b5vvmFT6L.jpg

Gastzugang Hochschule Flensburg - bitte anmelden
Zum Hauptinhalt

    ZHB Benutzerkonto
    Neue Suche
    E-Medien A-Z
    Kurzhilfe


    Einstellungen
    Sprache
    Beenden

citation_instruction
Tipps und Informationen bezüglich des Zugriffs
The Palgrave Handbook of the Southern Gothic
ZHB
Suchen

Bitte geben Sie Ihren Suchbegriff/Ihre Suchbegriffe ein
Hilfe durchsuchen (wird in neuem Fenster geöffnet)

    Einfache Suche Erweiterte Suche Suchverlauf

ZHB Flensburg

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Ergebnis 18 von 26,562

Zitat

Titel:
    The Palgrave Handbook of the Southern Gothic
    Book Jacket
Serie:
    Palgrave Handbooks
Autoren:
    Susan Castillo Street
    Charles L. Crow
Publikationsinformationen:
    [London] : Palgrave Macmillan. 2016
Ressourcentyp:
    eBook.
Beschreibung:
    This book examines ‘Southern Gothic'- a term that describes some of the finest works of the American Imagination. But what do ‘Southern'and ‘Gothic'mean, and how are they related? Traditionally seen as drawing on the tragedy of slavery and loss, ‘Southern Gothic'is now a richer, more complex subject. Thirty-five distinguished scholars explore the Southern Gothic, under the categories of Poe and his Legacy; Space and Place; Race; Gender and Sexuality; and Monsters and Voodoo. The essays examine slavery and the laws that supported it, and stories of slaves who rebelled and those who escaped. Also present are the often-neglected issues of the Native American presence in the South, socioeconomic class, the distinctions among the several regions of the South, same-sex relationships, and norms of gendered behaviour. This handbook covers not only iconic figures of Southern literature but also other less well-known writers, and examines gothic imagery in film and in contemporary television programmes such as True Blood and True Detective.
Themen:
    Horror tales, American--History and criticism
    Gothic fiction (Literary genre), American--History and criticism
Kategorien:
    LITERARY CRITICISM / American / General
    FICTION / General
    HISTORY / Social History
    PERFORMING ARTS / General
    LITERARY CRITICISM / Modern / General
    LITERARY CRITICISM / Modern / 20th Century
Zugehörige ISBNs:
    9781137477736. 9781137477743.
OCLC:
    960086723
Akzessionsnummer:
    1333849
Datenbank:
    eBook Collection (EBSCOhost)
Verlagsberechtigungen:
    Drucken/E-Mail/Speichern 15 Seiten
    Beschränktes Kopieren/Einfügen
Gleichzeitige Benutzerebene:
    Unbegrenzter Benutzerzugriff

Relevanteste Seiten aus diesem eBook

...THE PALGRAVE HANDBOOK OF THE SOUTHERN GOTHIC Edited by Susan Castillo Street and Charles L. Crow The Palgrave Handbook of the Southern Gothic Susan Castillo Street • Charles L. Crow Editors The Palgrave Handbook of the Southern Gothic ISBN 978-1-137-47773-6 ISBN 978-1-137-47774-3 (eBook) DOI 10.1057/978-1-137-47774-3 Library of Congress Control Number: 2016947268 © The Editor(s) (if applicable... Seite anzeigen C1 - The Palgrave Handbook of the Southern Gothic

...She punctuates her story with facts about the relative usability of different gun holsters and dispiriting statistics about the city’s high crime and incarceration rates, devastated infrastructure, and the like. Eve’s job ensures her intimate familiarity with the city’s geography, but New Orleans remains ‘full of meanings’ that she cannot fathom (72). The city’s devastation compounds the family ... Seite anzeigen 196 - The Gothic Other

...hillbilly villains) make this a vexing work. Its construction of wilderness space as a testing ground for masculine bravado is an outgrowth of its reactionary gender politics, just as its depiction of the regional populace, alternately eerie and unsettling (the banjo-playing boy) and horrifi cally amoral (the hillbillies), is an outgrowth of its reactionary cultural politics. ... Seite anzeigen 479 - Savage Southerners
Inhaltsverzeichnis

    Acknowledgments
    Contents
    Notes on Contributors
    Ebene anzeigen Chapter 1: Introduction: Down at the Crossroads
    Ebene anzeigen Part I: Edgar Allan Poe and His Legacy
    Ebene anzeigen Part II: Space and Place in Southern Gothic
    Ebene anzeigen Part III: Race and Southern Gothic
    Ebene anzeigen Part IV : Gender and Sexuality in Southern Gothic Texts
    Ebene anzeigen Part V: Monsters, Vampires, and Voodoo
    Index

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Ergebnis 18 von 26,562

Datensatz-Formate minimieren
Dokumentanzeigeoptionen:

    PDF-Volltext
    EPUB-Volltext

Verwandte Informationen

    Relevanteste Seiten aus diesem eBook
    Inhaltsverzeichnis

Artikeltools minimieren
Tools

    Google Drive
    Drucken
    E-Mail
    Speichern
    Zitieren
    Exportieren
    Permalink



Seitenanfang

    EBSCO Connect Datenschutz A/B-Test Nutzungsbedingungen Urheberrecht Cookie-Richtlinie Wenden Sie sich an uns

© 2022 EBSCO Industries, Inc. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
