Cover:
    https://contentcafe2.btol.com/ContentCafe/jacket.aspx?UserID=ebsco-test&Password=ebsco-test&Return=T&Type=M&Value=1680502468

Gastzugang Hochschule Flensburg - bitte anmelden
Zum Hauptinhalt

    ZHB Benutzerkonto
    Neue Suche
    E-Medien A-Z
    Kurzhilfe


    Einstellungen
    Sprache
    Beenden

citation_instruction
Tipps und Informationen bezüglich des Zugriffs
Programming Clojure / Alex Miller with Stuart Halloway and Aaron Bedra
ZHB
Suchen

Bitte geben Sie Ihren Suchbegriff/Ihre Suchbegriffe ein
Hilfe durchsuchen (wird in neuem Fenster geöffnet)

    Einfache Suche Erweiterte Suche Suchverlauf

ZHB Flensburg

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Vorh.Ergebnis 1 von 6,448,487

Zitat

Titel:
    Programming Clojure / Alex Miller with Stuart Halloway and Aaron Bedra
    Book Jacket
Sprache:
    English
Autoren:
    Miller, Alex, VerfasserIn
Publikationsinformationen:
    Raleigh, North Carolina The Pragmatic Bookshelf, [2018]
Ausgabe:
    Third edition, Book version: P1.0-February 2018
Jahr erschienen:
    2018
Umfang:
    xvi, 280 Seiten 24 cm
Serie:
    The pragmatic programmers
Publikationstyp:
    Book
Dokumenttyp:
    Book
Schlagwörter:
    Clojure (Computer program language)
    Functional programming (Computer science)
Abstract:
    Summary: "Drowning in unnecessary complexity, unmanaged state, and tangles of spaghetti code? In the best tradition of Lisp, Clojure gets out of your way so you can focus on expressing simple solutions to hard problems. Clojure cuts through complexity by providing a set of composable tools--immutable data, functions, macros, and the interactive REPL. Written by members of the Clojure core team, this book is the essential, definitive guide to Clojure. This new edition includes information on all the newest features of Clojure, such as transducers and specs. Clojure joins the flexibility and agility of Lisp with the reach, stability, and performance of Java. Combine Clojure's tools for maximum effectiveness as you work with immutable data, functional programming, and safe concurrency to write programs that solve real-world problems. Start by reading and understanding Clojure syntax and see how Clojure is evaluated. From there, find out about the sequence abstraction, which combines immutable collections with functional programming to create truly reusable data transformation code. Clojure is a functional language; learn how to write programs in a functional style, and when and how to use recursion to your advantage. Discover Clojure's unique approach to state and identity, techniques for polymorphism and open systems using multimethods and protocols, and how to leverage Clojure's metaprogramming capabilities via macros. Finally, put all the pieces together in a real program. New to this edition is coverage of Clojure's spec library, one of the most interesting new features of Clojure for describing both data and functions. You can use Clojure spec to validate data, destructure data, explain invalid data, and generate large numbers of tests to verify the correctness of your code. With this book, you'll learn how to think in Clojure, and how to take advantage of its combined strengths to build powerful programs quickly."--provided by Amazon.com. - Getting started -- Exploring Clojure -- Unifying data with sequences -- Functional programming -- Specifications -- State and concurrency -- Protocols and datatypes -- Macros -- Multimethods -- Java Interop -- Building an application

    Summary: Getting started -- Exploring Clojure -- Unifying data with sequences -- Functional programming -- Specifications -- State and concurrency -- Protocols and datatypes -- Macros -- Multimethods -- Java Interop -- Building an application
Notizen:
    Includes bibliographical references and index
Weitere Verfasser:
    Bedra, Aaron

    Halloway, Stuart Dabbs
ISBN:
    1680502468
    9781680502466
    9781680505726
Akzessionsnummer:
    zhb.1019269472
Datenbank:
    Katalog der ZHB Flensburg
Location Information
Standort	Signatur	Status	Fällig
Freihand 1.OG & 2.OG	ST 250 C48 M647(3)	Ausgeliehen bis:
↪Für 0,50 € vormerken?	2022-05-24

Ähnliche Bücher

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Vorh.Ergebnis 1 von 6,448,487

Datensatz-Formate minimieren
Dokumentanzeigeoptionen:

    Katalog der ZHB FlensburgZum Katalog der ZHB

Verwandte Informationen

    Ähnliche Bücher

Artikeltools minimieren
Tools

    Google Drive
    Drucken
    E-Mail
    Speichern
    Zitieren
    Exportieren
    Permalink



Seitenanfang

    EBSCO Connect Datenschutz A/B-Test Nutzungsbedingungen Urheberrecht Cookie-Richtlinie Wenden Sie sich an uns

© 2022 EBSCO Industries, Inc. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
