Cover:
    https://contentcafe2.btol.com/ContentCafe/jacket.aspx?UserID=ebsco-test&Password=ebsco-test&Return=T&Type=M&Value=9783319023960

Gastzugang Hochschule Flensburg - bitte anmelden
Zum Hauptinhalt

    ZHB Benutzerkonto
    Neue Suche
    E-Medien A-Z
    Kurzhilfe


    Einstellungen
    Sprache
    Beenden

citation_instruction
Tipps und Informationen bezüglich des Zugriffs
Tools and Mathematics / by John Monaghan, Luc Trouche, Jonathan M. Borwein
ZHB
Suchen

Bitte geben Sie Ihren Suchbegriff/Ihre Suchbegriffe ein
Hilfe durchsuchen (wird in neuem Fenster geöffnet)

    Einfache Suche Erweiterte Suche Suchverlauf

ZHB Flensburg

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Ergebnis 8 von 15,899,960

Zitat

Titel:
    Tools and Mathematics / by John Monaghan, Luc Trouche, Jonathan M. Borwein
    Book Jacket
Sprache:
    English
Autoren:
    Monaghan, John, VerfasserIn
Publikationsinformationen:
    [s.l.] Springer-Verlag, 2016
Jahr erschienen:
    2016
Umfang:
    Online-Ressource (434 S.)
Serie:
    Mathematics Education Library; 110
Publikationstyp:
    Book
Dokumenttyp:
    Online
Schlagwörter:
    Mathematics -- Study and teaching
    Education
Abstract:
    Summary: Preface.- 1.Introduction to the book -- 2.Doing mathematics with tools: one task, four tools -- 3.The life of modern Homo Habilis Mathematicus: Experimental computation and visual theorems.- 4.Tools, human development and mathematics .- 5.The development of mat hematics practices in the Mesopotamian scribal schools --  6.Discussions of Part A chapters.-  7. Developments relevant to the use of tools in mathematics --  8.Constructionism -- 9.Activity theoretic approaches.- 10.Didactics of mathematics: concepts, roots, interactions and dynamics from France.- 11.Discussion of issues in chapters in Part B --   12.Integrating tools as an ordinary component of the curriculum in mathematics education.- 13.The calculator debate.- 14.        Tools and mathematics in the real world.- 15.Mathematics teachers and digital tools.- 16.        Tasks and digital tools.- 17.Games: artefacts in gameplay.- 18.Connectivity in mathematics education: Drawing some lessons from the current experiences and questioning the future of the concept.- Epilogue

    Summary: This book is an exploration of tools and mathematics and issues in mathematics education related to tool use. The book has four parts. The first part sets the scene with a reflection on doing a mathematical task with different tools, a mathematician's account of tool use in his work and historical considerations of tool use. The second part opens with a broad review of technology and intellectual trends, circa 1970, and continues with three case studies of approaches in mathematics education and the place of tools in these approaches. The third part considers issues related to mathematics instructions: curriculum, assessment and policy; the calculator debate; mathematics in the real world; and teachers' use of technology. The final part looks to the future and digital tools: task design; the importance of artefacts in gameplay; and new forms of activity via connectivity
Notizen:
    Description based upon print version of record
    Springer eBook Collection. Education
Weitere Verfasser:
    Borwein, Jonathan M.

    Trouche, Luc
ISBN:
    9783319023960
    9783319023953
Online-Zugang:
    Inhaltsverzeichnis
    Zum Volltext
Akzessionsnummer:
    zhb.857791699
Datenbank:
    Katalog der ZHB Flensburg

Ähnliche Bücher

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Ergebnis 8 von 15,899,960

Datensatz-Formate minimieren
Dokumentanzeigeoptionen:

    Katalog der ZHB FlensburgZum Katalog der ZHB
    HSF ProxyVolltext

Verwandte Informationen

    Ähnliche Bücher

Artikeltools minimieren
Tools

    Google Drive
    Drucken
    E-Mail
    Speichern
    Zitieren
    Exportieren
    Permalink



Seitenanfang

    EBSCO Connect Datenschutz A/B-Test Nutzungsbedingungen Urheberrecht Cookie-Richtlinie Wenden Sie sich an uns

© 2022 EBSCO Industries, Inc. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
