
Gastzugang Hochschule Flensburg - bitte anmelden
citation_instruction
Tipps und Informationen bezüglich des Zugriffs
Handbook of Narrative Analysis
ZHB Flensburg
Zitat

Titel:
    Handbook of Narrative Analysis
    Book Jacket
Serie:
    Frontiers of Narrative
Autoren:
    Luc Herman
    Bart Vervaeck
Publikationsinformationen:
    Ed.: Second edition. Lincoln : University of Nebraska Press. 2019
Ressourcentyp:
    eBook.
Beschreibung:
    Stories are everywhere, from fiction across media to politics and personal identity. Handbook of Narrative Analysis sorts out both traditional and recent narrative theories, providing the necessary skills to interpret any story. In addition to discussing classical theorists, such as Gérard Genette, Mieke Bal, and Seymour Chatman, Handbook of Narrative Analysis presents precursors (such as E. M. Forster), related theorists (Franz Stanzel, Dorrit Cohn), and a large variety of postclassical critics. Among the latter particular attention is paid to rhetorical, cognitive, and cultural approaches; intermediality; storyworlds; gender theory; and natural and unnatural narratology. Not content to consider theory as an end in itself, Luc Herman and Bart Vervaeck use two short stories and a graphic narrative by contemporary authors as touchstones to illustrate each approach to narrative. In doing so they illuminate the practical implications of theoretical preferences and the ideological leanings underlying them. Marginal glosses guide the reader through discussions of theoretical issues, and an extensive bibliography points readers to the most current publications in the field. Written in an accessible style, this handbook combines a comprehensive treatment of its subject with a user-friendly format appropriate for specialists and nonspecialists alike.Handbook of Narrative Analysis is the go-to book for understanding and interpreting narrative. This new edition revises and extends the first edition to describe and apply the last fifteen years of cutting-edge scholarship in the field of narrative theory.
Themen:
    Narration (Rhetoric)
Kategorien:
    LITERARY CRITICISM / Semiotics & Theory
    LITERARY CRITICISM / General
Zugehörige ISBNs:
    9781496217141. 9781496218537. 9781496218551.
OCLC:
    1124598151
Akzessionsnummer:
    2275179
Verlagsberechtigungen:
    Drucken/E-Mail/Unbegrenzte Seiten speichern
    Unbegrenztes Kopieren/Einfügen
Gleichzeitige Benutzerebene:
    Unbegrenzter Benutzerzugriff

Inhaltsverzeichnis

    Cover
    Title Page
    Copyright Page
    Contents
    List of Illustrations
    Acknowledgments to the Second Edition
    Ebene anzeigen Introduction
    Ebene anzeigen Chapter 1: Before and Surrounding Structuralism
    Ebene anzeigen Chapter 2: Structuralism
    Ebene anzeigen Chapter 3: Postclassical Narratology
    Appendix A: "Pegasian"
    Appendix B: "The Map"
    Appendix C: "City"
    Notes
    Bibliography
    Index

Datensatz-Formate minimieren
Dokumentanzeigeoptionen:

    PDF-Volltext
    EPUB-Volltext

Verwandte Informationen

    Inhaltsverzeichnis

Artikeltools minimieren
Tools

    Google Drive
    Drucken
    E-Mail
    Speichern
    Zitieren
    Exportieren
    Permalink


