Cover:
    https://contentcafe2.btol.com/ContentCafe/jacket.aspx?UserID=ebsco-test&Password=ebsco-test&Return=T&Type=M&Value=9781400876082

Gastzugang Hochschule Flensburg - bitte anmelden
Zum Hauptinhalt

    ZHB Benutzerkonto
    Neue Suche
    E-Medien A-Z
    Kurzhilfe


    Einstellungen
    Sprache
    Beenden

citation_instruction
Tipps und Informationen bezüglich des Zugriffs
Enjoyment of Mathematics : Selections from Mathematics for the Amateur / Otto Toeplitz, Hans Rademacher
ZHB
Suchen

Bitte geben Sie Ihren Suchbegriff/Ihre Suchbegriffe ein
Hilfe durchsuchen (wird in neuem Fenster geöffnet)

    Einfache Suche Erweiterte Suche Suchverlauf

ZHB Flensburg

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Ergebnis 9 von 15,899,960

Zitat

Titel:
    Enjoyment of Mathematics : Selections from Mathematics for the Amateur / Otto Toeplitz, Hans Rademacher
    Book Jacket
Sprache:
    English
Autoren:
    Rademacher, Hans, VerfasserIn
Publikationsinformationen:
    Princeton, NJ Princeton University Press, [2015]
Jahr erschienen:
    2015
Umfang:
    1 online resource
Serie:
    Princeton Legacy Library
Publikationstyp:
    Book
Dokumenttyp:
    Online
Schlagwörter:
    Mathematical recreations
    eBook-DeGruyter-EBS-2021-2022
Abstract:
    Summary: What is so special about the number 30? How many colors are needed to color a map? Do the prime numbers go on forever? Are there more whole numbers than even numbers? These and other mathematical puzzles are explored in this delightful book by two eminent mathematicians. Requiring no more background than plane geometry and elementary algebra, this book leads the reader into some of the most fundamental ideas of mathematics, the ideas that make the subject exciting and interesting. Explaining clearly how each problem has arisen and, in some cases, resolved, Hans Rademacher and Otto Toeplitz's deep curiosity for the subject and their outstanding pedagogical talents shine through.Originally published in 1957.The Princeton Legacy Library uses the latest print-on-demand technology to again make available previously out-of-print books from the distinguished backlist of Princeton University Press. These editions preserve the original texts of these important books while presenting them in durable paperback and hardcover editions. The goal of the Princeton Legacy Library is to vastly increase access to the rich scholarly heritage found in the thousands of books published by Princeton University Press since its founding in 1905.
Notizen zum Inhalt:
    Frontmatter -- -- Preface -- -- Contents -- -- Introduction -- -- 1. The Sequence of Prime Numbers -- -- 2. Traversing Nets of Curves -- -- 3. Some Maximum Problems -- -- 4. Incommensurable Segments and Irrational Numbers -- -- 5. A Minimum Property of the Pedal Triangle -- -- 6. A Second Proof of the Same Minimum Property -- -- 7. The Theory of Sets -- -- 8. Some Combinatorial Problems -- -- 9. On Waring's Problem -- -- 10. On Closed Self-Intersecting Curves -- -- 11. Is the Factorization of a Number into Prime Factors Unique? -- -- 12. The Four-Color Problem -- -- 13. The Regular Polyhedrons -- -- 14. Pythagorean Numbers and Fermat's Theorem -- -- 15. The Theorem of the Arithmetic and Geometric Means -- -- 16. The Spanning Circle of a Finite Set of Points -- -- 17. Approximating Irrational Numbers by Means of Rational Numbers -- -- 18. Producing Rectilinear Motion by Means of Linkages -- -- 19. Perfect Numbers -- -- 20. Euler's Proof of the Infinitude of the Prime Numbers -- -- 21. Fundamental Principles of Maximum Problems -- -- 22. The Figure of Greatest Area with a Given Perimeter -- -- 23. Periodic Decimal Fractions -- -- 24. A Characteristic Property of the Circle -- -- 25. Curves of Constant Breadth -- -- 26. The Indispensability of the Compass for the Constructions of Elementary Geometry -- -- 27. A Property of the Number 30 -- -- 28. An Improved Inequality -- -- Notes and Remarks
Notizen:
    Anmerkung zum Exemplar : Ausdruck und Kopien sind ausschließlich für den eigenen wissenschaftlichen Gebrauch gestattet
    Mode of access: Internet via World Wide Web.
    In English
Weitere Verfasser:
    Toeplitz, Otto
ISBN:
    9781400876082
Online-Zugang:
    Zum Volltext
Akzessionsnummer:
    zhb.875860494
Datenbank:
    Katalog der ZHB Flensburg

Rezensionen dieses Titels
Ähnliche Bücher

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Ergebnis 9 von 15,899,960

Datensatz-Formate minimieren
Dokumentanzeigeoptionen:

    Katalog der ZHB FlensburgZum Katalog der ZHB
    HSF ProxyVolltext

Verwandte Informationen

    Rezensionen dieses Titels
    Ähnliche Bücher

Artikeltools minimieren
Tools

    Google Drive
    Drucken
    E-Mail
    Speichern
    Zitieren
    Exportieren
    Permalink



Seitenanfang

    EBSCO Connect Datenschutz A/B-Test Nutzungsbedingungen Urheberrecht Cookie-Richtlinie Wenden Sie sich an uns

© 2022 EBSCO Industries, Inc. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
