Cover:
    https://contentcafe2.btol.com/ContentCafe/jacket.aspx?UserID=ebsco-test&Password=ebsco-test&Return=T&Type=M&Value=9783110470772

Gastzugang Hochschule Flensburg - bitte anmelden
Zum Hauptinhalt

    ZHB Benutzerkonto
    Neue Suche
    E-Medien A-Z
    Kurzhilfe


    Einstellungen
    Sprache
    Beenden

citation_instruction
Tipps und Informationen bezüglich des Zugriffs
Philosophy of Mathematics / Thomas Bedürftig, Roman Murawski
ZHB
Suchen

Bitte geben Sie Ihren Suchbegriff/Ihre Suchbegriffe ein
Hilfe durchsuchen (wird in neuem Fenster geöffnet)

    Einfache Suche Erweiterte Suche Suchverlauf

ZHB Flensburg

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Ergebnis 6 von 15,899,960

Zitat

Titel:
    Philosophy of Mathematics / Thomas Bedürftig, Roman Murawski
    Book Jacket
Sprache:
    English
Autoren:
    Bedürftig, Thomas, 1943-, VerfasserIn
Publikationsinformationen:
    Berlin Boston De Gruyter, 2018
Jahr erschienen:
    2018
Umfang:
    1 Online-Ressource
Serie:
    De Gruyter STEM
Publikationstyp:
    Book
Dokumenttyp:
    Online
Schlagwörter:
    Mengenlehre
    Philosophie
    Mathematik
    Axiomatik
    Logik
    eBook-DeGruyter-EBS-2021-2022
    E-Book DeGruyter
Abstract:
    Summary: The present book is an introduction to the philosophy of mathematics. It asks philosophical questions concerning fundamental concepts, constructions and methods - this is done from the standpoint of mathematical research and teaching. It looks for answers both in mathematics and in the philosophy of mathematics from their beginnings till today. The reference point of the considerations is the introducing of the reals in the 19th century that marked an epochal turn in the foundations of mathematics. In the book problems connected with the concept of a number, with the infinity, the continuum and the infinitely small, with the applicability of mathematics as well as with sets, logic, provability and truth and with the axiomatic approach to mathematics are considered. In Chapter 6 the meaning of infinitesimals to mathematics and to the elements of analysis is presented. The authors of the present book are mathematicians. Their aim is to introduce mathematicians and teachers of mathematics as well as students into the philosophy of mathematics. The book is suitable also for professional philosophers as well as for students of philosophy, just because it approaches philosophy from the side of mathematics. The knowledge of mathematics needed to understand the text is elementary. Reports on historical conceptions. Thinking about today‘s mathematical doing and thinking. Recent developments. Based on the third, revised German edition. For mathematicians - students, teachers, researchers and lecturers - and readersinterested in mathematics and philosophy. 　 Contents On the way to the reals On the history of the philosophy of mathematics On fundamental questions of the philosophy of mathematics Sets and set theories Axiomatic approach and logic Thinking and calculating infinitesimally – First nonstandard steps Retrospection
Notizen zum Inhalt:
    Frontmatter -- -- Contents -- -- Preface -- -- Introduction -- -- 1. On the Way to the Reals -- -- 2. On the History of the Philosophy of Mathematics -- -- 3. On Fundamental Questions of the Philosophy of Mathematics -- -- 4. Sets and Set Theories -- -- 5. Axiomatic Approach and Logic -- -- 6. Thinking and Calculating Infinitesimally – First Nonstandard Steps -- -- 7. Retrospection -- -- Biographies -- -- Bibliography -- -- Index of Names -- -- Index of Symbols -- -- Index of subjects
Notizen:
    Anmerkung zum Exemplar ebook: Vervielfältigungen (z.B. Kopien, Downloads) sind nur von einzelnen Kapiteln oder Seiten und nur zum eigenen wissenschaftlichen Gebrauch erlaubt. Keine Weitergabe an Dritte. Kein systematisches Downloaden durch Robots.
    Anmerkung zum Exemplar : Ausdruck und Kopien sind ausschließlich für den eigenen wissenschaftlichen Gebrauch gestattet
    2018
    Mode of access: Internet via World Wide Web.
    In English
Weitere Verfasser:
    Murawski, Roman, 1949-
ISBN:
    9783110470772
    9783110468335
    9783110468304
Online-Zugang:
    Zentralblatt MATH
    Zum Volltext
Akzessionsnummer:
    zhb.1066747539
Datenbank:
    Katalog der ZHB Flensburg

    Ergebnisliste Suche eingrenzen Ergebnis 6 von 15,899,960

Datensatz-Formate minimieren
Dokumentanzeigeoptionen:

    Full Text Finder (HSF)Zugang prüfen
    Katalog der ZHB FlensburgZum Katalog der ZHB
    HSF ProxyVolltext

Verwandte Informationen

Artikeltools minimieren
Tools

    Google Drive
    Drucken
    E-Mail
    Speichern
    Zitieren
    Exportieren
    Permalink



Seitenanfang

    EBSCO Connect Datenschutz A/B-Test Nutzungsbedingungen Urheberrecht Cookie-Richtlinie Wenden Sie sich an uns

© 2022 EBSCO Industries, Inc. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
